
	Robotics Final Project Proposal

	by Malachi, David, Monica, Nathan, Joel


Git Repository: 
	To access the GitHub repository for the Robotics Final Project please visit:           
	https://github.com/NathanBland/missionImpossible 

Methodology:
	This proposal outlines our collective plan of action for the Robotics final project. 
	We are outlining the steps required to complete our goal and how we aim to 
        perform them. This includes the listing of packages we plan to use in our AR 
        Drone program implementation as well as the division of tasks into git branches 
        that are hosted within our github repository. (Please see above for access)
	These tasks will be attended to by the teams outlined below in the Responsibility 
        Assignment section of this document. The progress we plan to make iteratively 
        as we approach our deadline is outlined in the Milestones section. In addition 
        each week a report will be drawn up describing our actual progress and detailing 
        any problems or hold-ups we encounter.

	Git Branches: 
		Master, Project-Proposal, Image Detection(Front camera and bottom 
                      camera), and Pid Controller
	Packages: 
		OpenCv, Visp, Chilitags, Zbar, and JoyController
	
Responsibility Assignment: 
	Functionality for Image Detection: Joel
	Pid Controller: David & Malachi
	QR Code Images: Nathan & Monica
	

Milestones:
	Week 1: April 7th, 2014 - April 14th, 2014
		Create Project Proposal which includes individual assignment, detailing of 
                milestones, listing of packages utilized, and a list of branches each 
		specified for a component of the project.
      	Week 2: April 14th, 2014 - April 21st, 2014
		Have achieved the functionality of detecting images. Have set up test 
		scenarios for the image detection software. Concurrently developing a 
		functional PID Controller as well as begin implementation of ZBar.
	Week 3: April 21st, 2014 - April 28th, 2014
		Have attained the functionality of the AR Drone PID Controller. Have set 
        	up test courses to discern the functional autonomy and thereby the 
           	success of the PID Controller. Continued implementation of ZBar.
	Week 4: April 28th, 2014 - May 5th, 2014
		Have completed integration of ZBar functionality, Image detection, and a 
           	PID Controller for our AR Drone. Have completed several test courses        
           	implementing all of these features cohesively. Ready to perform final 
           	demonstration.
	
